[Music]
what is up guys it's morale welcome back
to my channel for today's video I
decided to do is skincare routine and I
have seen so many skincare routines on
YouTube and some of mine include that
they're just sponsored and today I
decided to do the skincare routine that
isn't sponsored there's nothing wrong
with sponsorships at all I personally
never promote products that I haven't
tested out before and that I don't like
but I feel like when you're watching a
skincare routine you kind of wanna you
want to know what the person is actually
using or what they've been using for a
long time and what works for them I feel
like when you see a sponsorship it's
just kind of like oh like are you
telling the truth like you never know
you know what I mean so today I just
wanted to do a video that was not
sponsored and just show you guys what I
genuinely used to maintain my skin the
way it is I'm definitely not saying that
I have the clear skin of the world and I
don't want you guys to think that I'm
clearly bragging about Herman skinners
because I don't have clear skin most of
the time depending on where my hormones
are I feel like I'm very prone to
hormonal acne yeah for the most part I
would say throughout the whole month I
probably have like a week maybe two
weeks where I have pretty decently
cleared skin with like in one or two
blemishes and I also want to let you
guys know that everything I talked about
will be linked down below just for your
guys's convenience so the first thing
I've done to really clear at my acne um
is cutting out animal products now
that's probably such a shock to a lot of
people because we're taught from such a
young age that if you drink milk it's
going to like grow your bones strong
you're going to get taller you're going
you know we come to present over the
United States but that's not how it
works everyone has their different
beliefs but it has been proven time
after time that humans were not made to
consume animal products I'm not saying
I'm vegan at all but I have tried to cut
out as many animal products as I can out
of my diet so I have tried my best to
cut out dairy I don't eat ice cream I
don't drink milk I really don't have
yogurt ever yogurt is gross I don't do
that but cheese is kind of my weakness I
really try not to but if it's the only
thing that there is to eat like for
instance if I go to my boyfriend's
grandparents off they're always making
pizza so you know I have a slice or two
just cuz I don't want to starve so
instead of milk I drink
vanilla soy milk and I really like it I
like it a lot more than almond milk and
cashew milk
I think it's great for putting it in
your cereal it's great to this your
cookies in it's great to make smoothies
with if I'm having like a veggie burger
somewhere I'll ask for no cheese you
really don't have to make those small
changes and your acne will clear up so
the next tip I have is cutting up soda
and I would definitely recommend doing
this I my life has changed ever since I
stopped drinking as much soda guys I
literally used to drink a can of coke
every single day it was just so bad and
I never understood why my acting was so
bad until I stopped drinking it and I
think I completely cut it out for like a
month I want to say like six month I cut
it out completely and my skin and it
cleared up so much so most of my
skincare routine does take place at
night so I'm just going to go and order
what I do at night and then after that
I'm going talk about what I do in the
morning first thing I do when I get home
every single day is wash my face and
completely wash off all of the makeup
that I'm wearing because I hate the
feeling of wearing makeup the only times
I wear makeup at home is if I'm about to
go out or if I'm filming a video but
other than that right after I film the
video or right after I get home from
being out I always wash my face and to
wash my face I use my clean and clear
morning burst facial cleanser I've been
using this since freshman year of high
school probably even before that and
then after I wash my face I go in with
moisturizer you always want to
moisturize your skin within the first 10
minutes after getting your face wet so I
use a clean and clear dual action
moisturizer this video
not sponsored by santa clara's literally
just been using these two products for
like years but yeah so this one is
oil-free and that's what I really like
about it it doesn't leave that oily
residue that most moisturizers do on
your skin and it sinks into your skin so
quickly so that's what I love I always
wash my face right before I go to sleep
as well doesn't matter if I'm not
wearing makeup I do it anyway and then
after I go on with moisturizer I will go
in with my tribology so I have been
sponsored by cure ology in the past the
video is not sponsored by them I just
genuinely love their product and I've
been using it for like a year so when
you sign up on the ecology website you
get skin care provider and the skin care
provider you send her your pictures and
they will formulate like a product for
you you pretty much tell them everything
and they will like let you know off of
your pictures what type of acne you have
whether cystic or hormonal or whatever
and then they will formulate you a
bottle of you know acne cream but then
after Mike urology I will go in on top
of that with my trio spa treatment and I
don't know if you have to buy the entire
set to be able to get this I'll try to
link just this bottle down below if I
can't always the whole set yeah and then
after going into the tria lotion I'll go
in with this Murad hydrating toner this
is literally just a spray toner like you
just spray it but you know that's
whatever toner you like to use this one
is talking to already be on a spray
bottle and I've been using this but once
this finishes and almost out I'm just
going to buy one of those spray bottles
from targeted and just put another toner
in it and just use that and then last
but not least for my nightly skincare
routine this is the weirdest thing you
guys are going to like pee but this is a
Neutrogena light therapy mask it looks
like this it has like a little
sunglasses inside so pretty much what
you do is you put this on and then you
use this little remote that it comes
with to turn it on and it turns on a
bunch of like blue and red lights if I
remember correctly the red light brings
down inflammation and then the blue
light kills off all of the bacteria that
is on your skin so that just helps you
go to sleep with no bacteria on your
face which is really nice and then the
little remotes you can buy separately
yeah one comes in the box that you buy
already but after the 30 sessions is
done you have to buy a second one which
is cheaper than buying you know the
whole set
if Neutrogena is watching this please
sponsor me like please pay me like five
thousand dollars like let me promote you
I've literally been using this for four
years I've been using this since like
freshman year of high school and this
has helped my acne so much so what I
like to do is write when I'm going to
sleep I'll turn off my light I'll get us
a bed but then I'll put this on and this
is just a 15 minute treatment so I mean
sometimes they even fall asleep with
this on but the right after the
treatment is done I'll just take it off
and go right to bed if you don't want to
buy anything else that's fine buy this
this will change your life I'm not even
kidding it's great for all skin types
doesn't matter if you're dry oily
combination normal this is great because
it's just light and it kills off all the
bacteria it's awesome this is my last
product I'm going to talk about but this
is the ad pick secret Indian healing
clay this is like a face mask but it
looks like powder and you put it inside
of a bowl and you mix it together with
some organic apple cider vinegar and you
do like equal parts so you do like more
partly this one part of the apple cider
vinegar and you put it on your face and
your skin is literally going to pull I
put it all over my face and when it was
drying my eyes you guys were like
drinking so it was like pulling on my
skin so hard when you wash it off your
skin it works me so red but it feels so
good and the next thing your acne is
going to be dried up yeah so I will do
that every now and then if I have really
bad acne or I have a really bad pimple
that hurt super bad I'll put that all
over my face the only thing about it
takes a little bit of a while to dry but
you only have to keep it on for like 10
minutes and then you wash it off and
yeah you'll wake up and the people will
be totally like dried out it's amazing
that's everything I do at night now when
it comes to morning I like to take
showers in the morning but in the shower
I don't like to wash my face with any
face washes
I'll only cleanse my face with just the
water and all
romance a Stalin's but other than that I
don't like to use any cleansers but then
after that I'll just put on moisturizer
and then I'll also put on sunscreen so
the sunscreen that I use is pur Lisse
SPF 30 sunscreen and I mean there's
other types of sunscreen out there but I
would definitely recommend if you're
going out mostly since the summer and we
are closer to the Sun to wear SPF 30 and
above because it's the best for your
skin but that is it for my skincare
routine thank you guys so much for
watching I hope this video helps you
guys out if it does make sure to tweet
me or leave a comment on this video and
I would just love to see if it actually
like helps anyone else out or if I'm
just like on drugs and I think this is
the reason where my skin is so clear so
thank you guys so much for watching
again and I will see you guys in my next
video bye guys
[Music]